Stable Diffusion Text-to-Image Demo
===================================

Stable Diffusion is an innovative generative AI technique that allows us
to generate and manipulate images in interesting ways, including
generating image from text and restoring missing parts of pictures
(inpainting)!

Stable Diffusion v2 provides great functionality over previous versions,
including being able to use more data, employ more training, and has
less restrictive filtering of the dataset. All of these features give us
promising results for selecting a wide range of input text prompts!

**Note:** This is a shorter version of the
`236-stable-diffusion-v2-text-to-image.ipynb <https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino_notebooks/blob/main/notebooks/236-stable-diffusion-v2/236-stable-diffusion-v2-text-to-image.ipynb>`__
notebook for demo purposes and to get started quickly. This version does
not have the full implementation of the helper utilities needed to
convert the models from PyTorch to ONNX to OpenVINO, and the OpenVINO
OVStableDiffusion pipeline within the notebook directly. If you would
like to see the full implementation of stable diffusion for text to
image, please visit
`236-stable-diffusion-v2-text-to-image.ipynb <https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino_notebooks/blob/main/notebooks/236-stable-diffusion-v2/236-stable-diffusion-v2-text-to-image.ipynb>`__.

Step 0: Install and import prerequisites
----------------------------------------

.. code:: ipython3

    from pathlib import Path

To work with Stable Diffusion v2, we will use Hugging Face’s
`Diffusers <https://github.com/huggingface/diffusers>`__ library.

To experiment with Stable Diffusion models, Diffusers exposes the
`StableDiffusionPipeline <https://huggingface.co/docs/diffusers/using-diffusers/conditional_image_generation>`__
and StableDiffusionInpaintPipeline, similar to the `other Diffusers
pipelines <https://huggingface.co/docs/diffusers/api/pipelines/overview>`__.

.. code:: ipython3

    !pip install -q "diffusers>=0.14.0" openvino-dev openvino "transformers >= 4.25.1" accelerate

Step 1: Stable Diffusion v2 Fundamental components
--------------------------------------------------

Stable Diffusion pipelines for both Text to Image and Inpainting consist
of three important parts:

1. A Text Encoder to create conditions: for example, generating an image
   from a text prompt or performing inpainting to create an infinite
   zoom effect.
2. A U-Net for step-by-step denoising of latent image representation.
3. An Autoencoder (VAE) for decoding the latent space to an image.

Depending on the pipeline, the paramaters for these parts can differ,
which we’ll explore in this demo!

Step 1.1: Retrieve components from HuggingFace
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Let’s start by retrieving these components from HuggingFace!

The code below demonstrates how to create ``StableDiffusionPipeline``
using ``stable-diffusion-2-1``.

.. code:: ipython3

    # Retrieve the Text to Image Stable Diffusion pipeline components
    from diffusers import StableDiffusionPipeline
    
    pipe = StableDiffusionPipeline.from_pretrained("stabilityai/stable-diffusion-2-1-base").to("cpu")
    
    # for reducing memory consumption get all components from pipeline independently
    text_encoder = pipe.text_encoder
    text_encoder.eval()
    unet = pipe.unet
    unet.eval()
    vae = pipe.vae
    vae.eval()
    
    conf = pipe.scheduler.config
    
    del pipe


.. parsed-literal::

    text_encoder\model.safetensors not found


Step 2: Convert the models to OpenVINO
--------------------------------------

Now that we’ve retrieved the three parts for both of these pipelines, we
now need to:

1. Convert the original PyTorch models to ONNX format

::

   with torch.no_grad():
       torch.onnx.export(model_part, image, onnx_path, input_names=[
                         '...'], output_names=['...'])

2. Convert these ONNX models to OpenVINO IR format, using Model
   Optimizer tool using:

::

   !mo --input_model $onnx_file_path --output_dir $model_dir

We can then run our Stable Diffusion v2 text to image and inpainting
pipelines in OpenVINO on our own data!

.. code:: ipython3

    # Define a dir to save text-to-image models
    txt2img_model_dir = Path("sd2.1")
    txt2img_model_dir.mkdir(exist_ok=True)

.. code:: ipython3

    from implementation.conversion_helper_utils import convert_txt_encoder_onnx_OV, convert_unet_onnx_OV
    from implementation.conversion_helper_utils import convert_vae_encoder_onnx_OV, convert_vae_decoder_onnx_OV
    
    # Convert the Text-to-Image models from PyTorch -> Onnx -> OpenVINO
    # 1. Convert the Text Encoder
    txt_encoder_ov_path = convert_txt_encoder_onnx_OV(txt2img_model_dir, text_encoder)
    # 2. Convert the U-NET
    unet_ov_path = convert_unet_onnx_OV(txt2img_model_dir, unet, num_channels=4, width=96, height=96)
    # 3. Convert the VAE encoder
    vae_encoder_ov_path = convert_vae_encoder_onnx_OV(txt2img_model_dir, vae, width=768, height=768)
    # 4. Convert the VAE decoder
    vae_decoder_ov_path = convert_vae_decoder_onnx_OV(txt2img_model_dir, vae, width=96, height=96)


.. parsed-literal::

    Text encoder will be loaded from sd2.1\text_encoder.xml


.. parsed-literal::

    WARNING:root:Failed to send event with error cannot schedule new futures after shutdown.
    WARNING:root:Failed to send event with error cannot schedule new futures after shutdown.
    WARNING:root:Failed to send event with error cannot schedule new futures after shutdown.
    WARNING:root:Failed to send event with error cannot schedule new futures after shutdown.


3. Text-to-Image Generation Inference Pipeline
----------------------------------------------

Step 3.1: Load and Understand Text to Image OpenVINO models
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

First, let’s create instances of our OpenVINO Model for Text to Image.

.. code:: ipython3

    from openvino.runtime import Core
    
    core = Core()
    text_enc = core.compile_model(txt_encoder_ov_path, "CPU")

.. code:: ipython3

    unet_model = core.compile_model(unet_ov_path, 'CPU')

.. code:: ipython3

    vae_encoder = core.compile_model(vae_encoder_ov_path, 'CPU')
    vae_decoder = core.compile_model(vae_decoder_ov_path, 'CPU')

Next, we will define a few key elements to create the inference
pipeline, as depicted in the diagram below:

.. figure:: https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino_notebooks/assets/22090501/ec454103-0d28-48e3-a18e-b55da3fab381
   :alt: text2img-stable-diffusion

   text2img-stable-diffusion

As part of the OVStableDiffusionPipeline() class:

1. The stable diffusion pipeline takes both a latent seed and a text
   prompt as input. The latent seed is used to generate random latent
   image representations, and the text prompt is provided to OpenAI’s
   CLIP to transform these to text embeddings.

2. Next, the U-Net model iteratively denoises the random latent image
   representations while being conditioned on the text embeddings. The
   output of the U-Net, being the noise residual, is used to compute a
   denoised latent image representation via a scheduler algorithm. In
   this case we use the LMSDiscrete scheduler.

.. code:: ipython3

    from diffusers.schedulers import LMSDiscreteScheduler
    from transformers import CLIPTokenizer
    from implementation.ov_stable_diffusion_pipeline import OVStableDiffusionPipeline
    
    scheduler = LMSDiscreteScheduler.from_config(conf)
    tokenizer = CLIPTokenizer.from_pretrained('openai/clip-vit-large-patch14')
    
    ov_pipe = OVStableDiffusionPipeline(
        tokenizer=tokenizer,
        text_encoder=text_enc,
        unet=unet_model,
        vae_encoder=vae_encoder,
        vae_decoder=vae_decoder,
        scheduler=scheduler
    )


.. parsed-literal::

    C:\Users\rcheruvu\Desktop\openvino_notebooks\notebooks\236-stable-diffusion-v2\implementation\ov_stable_diffusion_pipeline.py:10: FutureWarning: Importing `DiffusionPipeline` or `ImagePipelineOutput` from diffusers.pipeline_utils is deprecated. Please import from diffusers.pipelines.pipeline_utils instead.
      from diffusers.pipeline_utils import DiffusionPipeline


Step 3.3: Run Text-to-Image generation
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Now, let’s define some text prompts for image generation and run our
inference pipeline.

We can also change our random generator seed for latent state
initialization and number of steps (higher steps = more precise
results).

Example prompts:

-  “valley in the Alps at sunset, epic vista, beautiful landscape, 4k,
   8k”
-  "city filled with cyborgs, modern, industrial, 4k, 8k

To improve image generation quality, we can use negative prompting.
While positive prompts steer diffusion toward the images associated with
it, negative prompts declares undesired concepts for the generation
image, e.g. if we want to have colorful and bright images, a gray scale
image will be result which we want to avoid. In this case, a grey scale
can be treated as negative prompt. The positive and negative prompt are
in equal footing. You can always use one with or without the other. More
explanation of how it works can be found in this
`article <https://stable-diffusion-art.com/how-negative-prompt-work/>`__.

.. code:: ipython3

    import ipywidgets as widgets
    
    text_prompt = widgets.Textarea(value="valley in the Alps at sunset, epic vista, beautiful landscape, 4k, 8k", description='positive prompt', layout=widgets.Layout(width="auto"))
    negative_prompt = widgets.Textarea(value="frames, borderline, text, charachter, duplicate, error, out of frame, watermark, low quality, ugly, deformed, blur", description='negative prompt', layout=widgets.Layout(width="auto"))
    num_steps = widgets.IntSlider(min=1, max=50, value=25, description='steps:')
    seed = widgets.IntSlider(min=0, max=10000000, description='seed: ', value=42)
    widgets.VBox([text_prompt, negative_prompt, seed, num_steps])




.. parsed-literal::

    VBox(children=(Textarea(value='valley in the Alps at sunset, epic vista, beautiful landscape, 4k, 8k', descrip…



.. code:: ipython3

    # Run inference pipeline
    result = ov_pipe(text_prompt.value, negative_prompt=negative_prompt.value, num_inference_steps=num_steps.value, 
                     seed=seed.value)



.. parsed-literal::

      0%|          | 0/25 [00:00<?, ?it/s]


.. code:: ipython3

    final_image = result['sample'][0]
    final_image.save('result.png')
    final_image




.. image:: 236-stable-diffusion-v2-text-to-image-demo-with-output_files/236-stable-diffusion-v2-text-to-image-demo-with-output_23_0.png


